How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    You can see lines with differences and then see if there was any mistake
	in changed lines.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You could easily backup your file if something went wrong or for example 
	newer version was figured out to be worse and you can more easily compare
	different versions of file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    To talk about advantages, you can more easily choose right version if there are 
	less of them, moreover each version choosen manually is complete version while
	versions automaticly saved can be incomplete. Secontly, when you manually create 
	a commit you can choose exact time to do it while with google docs technology 
	you cant control it. Talking about pros, you can't see history of changes in files 
	between commits while with versions automatically saved you can.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think different version control systems have different purposes. And for 
	for first type of version control systems (like Git) object you are working with
	it's a project containing a lot of files that are often related to each other 
	and for second type it's a simple file that is independent one.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    At first I can use 'git log' command to get the list the lastest commits 
	of my project with short messages. Then I can check differences between 
	2 chosen versions using 'git diff id1 id2' command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can easily backup version without a bug and fix it seeing the 
	differences between commits.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I don't know at the moment.