When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    First of all, when I have to work on some group project to let each person from the group 
    have an access. Also when you can't use your computer e.g. when it isn't work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	The repository of project you are working on might contain a lot of different branches
	each one of them could be developed by different person and represent different feature
	so you don't need to pull all this changes. You just need the ones that relates to your
	problem.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead
of another?

	Firstly, forks and clones copy the contains of a repository to another place without any 
	changes while branches changes the repository structure. Secondly, forks are cloud repository
	while clones are local.
	When you will not offer any changes to the author or will not make them you might use clone.
	When you are going to offer changes and/or improvements you should fork repository to have
	a relation with the original. And after cloning or forking you will use branches in cases
	that we have mentioned in the previous lessons.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	You can check if there have been any changes since last known state so you will know
	if you need to examine them to merge in right way.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would 
be harder?

	Without Git and GitHub or different remote version control system there was at least
	2 different ways to collaborate: first is to do all work together in one room or near
	each other; second is to use online services which will help us to communicate and
	exchage our versions. Usually first way isn't comfortable because people need to
	find common time to meet and it's hard. Second option entails manually work with
	files to compare them and understand which changes have been presented. So the 
	easiest way is to use Git and GitHub.